# Minutes 

## Attendee's
Svante Schubert
Hisano Sugamata
Nis Jesperson
Kevin Bishop
David Roff

## Topics
Issue #67 is a core point that we need to address first, due to doing things with code rather than working in a previous way so the question is do we need to fork the vocab graph ?

If we Fork we can use proper graph tools, however if we do this it will no longer be push a button and deploy.

NDR's are key here for example `/#` should not be together do we go back and change the source code or work with it?

If we take a real example:

> FIATA added a new field `Warehouse Depositor` this needed to be added in Buy Ship Pay not in MMT so a level up.
> If we publish the new model for BSP in the current way then we would need to do some kind of 'diff' to identiyf that this new element has been added
> the technical team would then need to merge these changes selectively into the unece vocab.

This wouldn't be at the click of a button like today when we publish an xsd for example, it would have the obvious consequence that another process is needed to publish if it is needed in the vocab.

The advantage to moving down this path is consistency and ability to publish and maintain a vocab that can be replied upon without duplications etc.

If we dont do whats #67 suggests it means everything will be pushed back into the process and library maintenance or domains i.e. points in #42, hence the question are we holding ourselves back unecessarily.

Comments and thoughts should be added to https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/67

Some examples of these issues such as duplication can be found at https://github.com/uncefact/vocab/issues/42

@cmsdroff to raise this with library maintenance for some suggestion of how it should be handled internally.

duplication of elements that mean the same thing.

The outcome of the call today was that we should all have a think about the topic and consider how we move forward to discuss on the next call.




