#67
David: best to pass issues back to modelling teams
David to figure out a standing process
Discussions about how semantic tickets are dealt with. David making a ticket for himself. 
Decision: Will not fork. Closing ticket. 

Steve: how to deal with subsets? 
Proposal it to map them into contexts, pointing at the common vocabulary
Steve will raise a ticket.

Issue 7 - Kseniya to drop code.

Running through issues from least recently updated: 

Update spec with forking decision #71

Define a process for reporting Semantic Issues back to UN/CEFACT #72

Include transformation code #7 

Add project scope section #8

Include section on vocab update frequency #4

Parasitic Word "Formatted" NDR #52

Add list of overlapping vocabs to NDR. #73

split Communication to subclasses semantics #60

Consider a live case study to demonstrate #19

deprecate/map UNCEFACT geospatial stuff in favor of OGC GeoSPARQL #54

Prop Name Doublons #51

use # or / rather than /# NDR #25

use Rec20 codes rather than names in URL NDR #24